docs: image (#703)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/image.md

# Image

> Image is used to insert and display an image within a component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`image` is used to insert and display an image within a component.
```

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

img = ui.image(src="https://i.imgur.com/Z7AzH2c.png", alt="Sky and roof")
```

## UI Recommendations

> Recommendations for creating clear and effective images:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Doesn't make sense with the recommendations we provide. Not everything is a "clear and effective" sort of suggestion.

1. Provide descriptive alt text for all images to ensure accessibility for users with visual impairments. Note: If the image is considered decorative and should not be announced by screen readers, then set alt="" to suppress the warning.

> 2. Alt text should convey the purpose and content of the image. For example, "Snow-capped mountains under a clear blue sky" or "Diagram illustrating the water cycle, showing evaporation, condensation, precipitation, and collection"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Alt text should convey the purpose and content of the image. For example, "Snow-capped mountains under a clear blue sky" or "Diagram illustrating the water cycle, showing evaporation, condensation, precipitation, and collection".
```

> 3. To internationalize an Image, a localized string should be passed into the alt prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To internationalize an image, a localized string should be passed into the alt prop.
```

> ## Variants

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Visual Options
```

> Images can fit to its container in different styles. The default is 'fill' which takes up the whole dimension of the container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different styles determine how an image fits into its container. The default is `fill`, which takes up the whole dimension of the container.
```

Reviewer: Your target audience might not need any additional info, but it might be useful to say `fill` takes up the whole dimension of a container, whereas `scale_down` reduces image size to fit its container. Is the relevant property `object_fit`? or should `padding` be called out as well?

Reviewer 2: Yes, please describe each of the options presented.

# Image

'image' is used to insert and display an image within a component.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

img = ui.image(src="https://i.imgur.com/Z7AzH2c.png", alt="Sky and roof")
```

## UI Recommendations

1. Provide descriptive alt text for all images to ensure accessibility for users with visual impairments. Note: If the image is considered decorative and should not be announced by screen readers, then set alt="" to suppress the warning.
2. Alt text should convey the purpose and content of the image. For example, "Snow-capped mountains under a clear blue sky" or "Diagram illustrating the water cycle, showing evaporation, condensation, precipitation, and collection".
3. To internationalize an image, a localized string should be passed into the alt prop.

## Visual options

Different styles determine how an image fits into its container. The default value for the `object_fit` parameter is `fill` which takes up the whole dimension of the container.

Other options:

> `contain` scales the image to the dimension of the container while preserving its aspect ratio. If the image's aspect ratio does not match the aspect ratio of the box, the image will be "letterboxed".

Reviewer 2: format as list

> 1. `contain` scales the image to the dimension of the container while preserving its aspect ratio. If the image's aspect ratio does not match the aspect ratio of the box, the image will be "letterboxed".
> 
> 2. `cover` scales the image to fill the entire container. If the image's aspect ratio does not match the aspect ratio of the box, the image will be clipped to fit.
> 
> 3. `none` renders the image in its original dimensions.
> 
> 4. `scale-down` sizes the image as if `none` or `contain` were specified. Whichever would result in a smaller concrete image size is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `contain` scales the image to the dimension of the container while preserving its aspect ratio. If the image's aspect ratio does not match the aspect ratio of the box, the image will be "letterboxed".
- `cover` scales the image to fill the entire container. If the image's aspect ratio does not match the aspect ratio of the box, the image will be clipped to fit.
- `none` renders the image in its original dimensions.
- `scale-down` sizes the image as if `none` or `contain` were specified. Whichever would result in a smaller concrete image size is selected.
```

Sorry, should have been specific. An unordered list. I don't want to imply an inherent order, just that they are related.

            background_color="celery-600",
            padding="10px",
        ),
        ui.view(
            ui.image(
                src="https://i.imgur.com/Z7AzH2c.png",
                alt="Sky and roof",
                object_fit="contain",
            ),
            background_color="blue-600",
            padding="10px",
            padding_x="25px",
        ),
        ui.view(
            ui.image(
                src="https://i.imgur.com/Z7AzH2c.png",
                alt="Sky and roof",
                object_fit="cover",
            ),
            background_color="blue-600",
            width="75%",
        ),
        ui.view(
            ui.image(
                src="https://i.imgur.com/Z7AzH2c.png",
                alt="Sky and roof",
                object_fit="none",
            )
        ),
        ui.view(
            ui.image(
                src="https://i.imgur.com/Z7AzH2c.png",
                alt="Sky and roof",
                object_fit="scale-down",
            )
        ),
        direction="column",
        width="300px",
    )

image_variants_example = image_variants()
```

## API Reference

```{eval-rst}

> .. dhautofunction:: deephaven.ui.image

Reviewer 3: Since I see you have a new dhautofunction here, please either

Create the docs locally and verify they are created correctly (the easiest way to do this is via tools/plugin_builder.py, check out the readme and let me know if you have problems).
Wait until https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-plugins/pull/719 is merged then merge main in to this branch so the docs will be checked automatically
Thanks
